Add full-text query documentation (#5428)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _query-dsl/full-text/match-phrase-prefix.md

    "failed": 0
  },
  "hits": {
    "total": {
      "value": 1,
      "relation": "eq"
    },
    "max_score": 0.92980814,
    "hits": [
      {
        "_index": "testindex",
        "_id": "1",
        "_score": 0.92980814,
        "_source": {
          "title": "The wind rises"
        }
      }
    ]
  }
}
```
</details>

## Parameters

The query accepts the name of the field (`<field>`) as a top-level parameter:

```json
GET _search
{
  "query": {
    "match_phrase": {
      "<field>": {
        "query": "text to search for",
        ... 
      }
    }
  }
}
```
{% include copy-curl.html %}

The `<field>` accepts the following parameters. All parameters except `query` are optional.

Parameter | Data type | Description
:--- | :--- | :---
`query` | String | The query string to use for search. Required.
`analyzer` | String | The [analyzer]({{site.url}}{{site.baseurl}}/analyzers/index/) used to tokenize the query 
`max_expansions` | Positive integer |  The maximum number of terms to which the query can expand. Fuzzy queries “expand to” a number of matching terms that are within the distance specified in `fuzziness`. Then OpenSearch tries to match those terms. Default is `50`.

> `slop` | `0` (default) or a positive integer | Controls the degree to which words in a query can be misordered and still be considered a match. From the [Lucene documentation](https://lucene.apache.org/core/8_9_0/core/org/apache/lucene/search/PhraseQuery.html#getSlop--): "The number of other words permitted between words in query phrase. For example, to switch the order of two words requires two moves (the first move places the words atop one another), so to permit re-orderings of phrases, the slop must be at least two. A value of zero requires an exact match."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`slop` | `0` (default) or a positive integer | Controls the degree to which words in a query can be misordered and still be considered a match. From the [Lucene documentation](https://lucene.apache.org/core/8_9_0/core/org/apache/lucene/search/PhraseQuery.html#getSlop--): "The number of other words permitted between words in query phrase. For example, to switch the order of two words requires two moves (the first move places the words atop one another), so to permit reorderings of phrases, the slop must be at least two. A value of zero requires an exact match."
```
